after aggravating it was from the hour and
rap more or radios in this episode that
One more video I came back with a new one
video and I do not know to make much choice
way because I do not know what I have to do
videos learned how to do this or more
I'll try to go back to see no videos.
constantly more morning sometimes
How much free time do I make the video?
time I 'm recording with the new program
A problem here is people who use
branch stream and I'm going to get a good
time but depending always on me
surprise
sometimes it will even give
I do not know how it was now but it's the beacon.
in the program I'm playing a track
of the season and already back from the
Very well, I can not do much.
shit right
in tribute to the title that video was
suspended in the middle of a turn of the channel
will not be very aware
it's not because I think the name
quickly touching a botnet is sure to
it was not while apparently another
antenna rate to hear singing is that this is
debating
I think they are they are not friends
in favor is not that the box is not I am
mate does not mess can not complain
God, I just want to be friendly.
I'll end up dying.
Okay, I very much like a fifth man country.
God looks into my eyes and is very funk
is so once again what a kilo which
do in this video so I did not have
allowed to do with channel 1 column only
I was thinking I'm going to make a rock video.
I'm coming back will not see the video and
play a special game in honor of the
movie play
I knew I had to say here, okay, I
Just planning to come in, you 're going to talk.
or I'm coming back on the canal please
I'm calling and I do not have to say goodbye.
but I did not want to do one more thing
interesting because up but ok let's
try this time not in the neighborhood here
because I've won a few more times
time a guy only with the photo while
where he stated that any
Grip and grimace
I understand that there is nothing to stay and you are
here I or stay with her we reach
your goal
I 'm not even understanding what's going on.
happening that the child in day care
whole until the boy had another 21
and you who made a cut time with a
male calls with only three businesses of
Most ok way when I whistle in the end
talk about it and ok so I
to move
the indigenous will stop them in me realize and
hope that no one voice that
street that really rock snow and civil
It's ruining right here and I do not touch it.
partly because of the video and did not
I'm in time I'm 1142 here
still have to indemnify the video goes
to decrease the size of it is not delayed
for about a year here and in
flash and maybe now I have a chance to
win
or maybe now has the chance to enter
to lose in their possibilities here in
home, I got there, did not get there
the advantage of this and continue our
way it was found over
same
is who here breakfast with sun rain
and I'm going to have to have a father when the 20
vacancies if not done enough to
and I thought I could in this case
emblematic is good petrowky toilets
it was amazing to
My goodness, what is coming back, will you get it?
my legs but 2011 a bucket by
less able to get this thing
Passes well but not a bit of land.
Okay, this was aware.
the example I do not know what to do
because
I can not get much of the year I
I can not put anything down because the house
where it was a little tip and so it gave
certain that you do not see any
marketing that kaka is there too , okay hey
I feel it's pure
gaiato
I'm trying all kinds of
marriage when fernandão 1 and
apparently succeeded and in other
countries and there's another guy I 'm going to try
I leave here with August that I
won
society since there is nothing left
I'm worth the video, I'll finish him over here.
even and I do not have much the channel
now and china only loses on the boat and sir
Fed is fucking sucking because I know
there do not know details we can
can help with my online video on it
I 'm going to be well stirred but it does not matter
You did not read there, do not do it any more.
could of light if you have fingers
they are underneath and I got it down ok
ok good light citizen will help me and
city ​​we favorites you want
share on social networks and these
brokers please do this because this
It helps me a lot and it's video again without
at half past six, there are five
46 hours that when I go back to school
of infants in viana
When it arrives at that point we call
deer
then go there and sign in to channel
receive more videos and see you next
it rains here right?
and so it's more